Hooks: on_exit, on_error (#89)
OscarCreator/rsync.nvim: README.md

```lua
{
    -- triggers `RsyncUp` when fugitive thinks something might have changed in the repo.
    fugitive_sync = false,
    -- triggers `RsyncUp` when you save a file.
    sync_on_save = true,
    -- called when the rsync command exits, provides the exit code and the used command
    on_exit = function(code, command)
    end,

>     -- called when the rsync command fails, provides the error message, and the used command
>     on_error = function(error_msg, command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- called when the rsync command prints to stderr, provides the data and the used command
    on_stderr = function(data, command)
```
